[MRG]: set ch_loc to np.nan and not omit (#393)
mne-tools/mne-bids: doc/whats_new.rst

Changelog
~~~~~~~~~

> - :func:`read_raw_bids` to read electrodes.tsv only if all non-bad chs have coords; warns if not-bad ch and 'n/a' coordinate, by `Adam Li`_ (`#393 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/393>`_)

Reviewer: These docs are meant to be user facing. I would avoid abbreviations such as chs and coords

> - :func:`read_raw_bids` to read electrodes.tsv only if all non-bad channels have coordinates; warns if not-bad ch and 'n/a' coordinate, by `Adam Li`_ (`#393 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/393>`_)

Reviewer: don't use abbreviations here. This is user facing.

ch -> channels
not-bad -> good

etc.

also this should go into bugfix section

Bug
~~~

> - :func:`read_raw_bids` to read electrodes.tsv even if good channels have coordinates; warns if good channel and 'n/a' coordinate, by `Adam Li`_ (`#393 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/393>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :func:`read_raw_bids` will now read all channels from electrodes.tsv. Channels with coordinates 'n/a' will also be included but their location set to `np.nan` in the `raw` object, by `Adam Li`_ (`#393 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/393>`_)
```

> - :func:`read_raw_bids` to read electrodes.tsv only if all non-bad channels have coordinates; warns if good channel and 'n/a' coordinate, by `Adam Li`_ (`#393 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/393>`_)

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is correct now
